Add EventHub extension README.md (#17514)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/eventhub/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.EventHubs/README.md

# Azure WebJobs Event Hubs client library for .NET

> This extension provides functionality for accessing Azure Event Hubs in Azure Functions.

Reviewer: Should we consider "from" instead of "in"?

```suggestion
This extension provides functionality for accessing Azure Event Hubs from an Azure Function.
```

## Getting started

### Install the package

Install the Event Hubs extension with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.EventHubs):

```Powershell
dotnet add package Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.EventHubs --version 5.0.0-beta.1
```

### Prerequisites

- **Azure Subscription:**  To use Azure services, including Azure Event Hubs, you'll need a subscription.  If you do not have an existing Azure account, you may sign up for a [free trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/free) or use your [Visual Studio Subscription](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/subscriptions/) benefits when you [create an account](https://account.windowsazure.com/Home/Index).

> 

Reviewer: You may want to include the Azure storage account information here as well.   If you're so inclined, you can steal verbiage from the [Processor README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs.Processor).

- **Event Hubs namespace with an Event Hub:** To interact with Azure Event Hubs, you'll also need to have a namespace and Event Hub available.  If you are not familiar with creating Azure resources, you may wish to follow the step-by-step guide for [creating an Event Hub using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-create).  There, you can also find detailed instructions for using the Azure CLI, Azure PowerShell, or Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates to create an Event Hub.

> [![Deploy button](http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-sdk-for-net%2Fmaster%2Fsdk%2Fevent hub%2FAzure.Messaging.EventHubs%2Fassets%2Fsamples-azure-deploy.json)

Reviewer: You may want to point this as the Processor samples template, as that includes a Storage account and this template doesn't.   If you decide to to so, the only change is appending `.Processor` after `Messaging.EventHubs`.   Otherwise, the pathing and names are the same.

### Authenticate the Client

> For the Event Hubs client library to interact with an Event Hub, it will need to understand how to connect and authorize with it.  The easiest means for doing so is to use a connection string, which is created automatically when creating an Event Hubs namespace.  If you aren't familiar with using connection strings with Event Hubs, you may wish to follow the step-by-step guide to [get an Event Hubs connection string](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-get-connection-string).

Reviewer: You may want to consider discussing the storage connection string here as well.   There's text in the [Processor README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs.Processor), if that is helpful.

> The `Connection` property of `Event HubAttribute` and `Event HubTriggerAttribute` is used to specify the configuration property that stores the connection string.

Reviewer 2: Typos in the attribute names.
